Update version and CHANGELOG for fleetd-android-v1.4.0 (#43466)
fleetdm/fleet: android/CHANGELOG.md

## Android agent 1.4.0 (Apr 07, 2026)

> * Make certificate list scrollable

Reviewer: Need past tense. "Made cert... "

> * Make certificate list scrollable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Made the certificate list scrollable
```

* Fixed background DNS resolution failures.

> * Stop polling certificates when the server reports them as permanently failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stopped polling certificates when the server reported them as permanently failed.
```

> * Non-retryable SCEP failures (e.g. server rejection) now immediately mark the certificate as failed instead of retrying 3 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Marked non-retryable SCEP failures (e.g. server rejection) as failed immediately instead of retrying 3 times.
```

* Fixed duplicate FAILED status reports.

> * Treat HTTP 404 on certificate status updates as a signal that the template has been deleted server-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Made the agent treat HTTP 404 responses on certificate status updates as a signal that the template had been deleted server-side.
```

> * Include SCEP `failInfo` details in enrollment failure messages instead of a generic error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Made enrollment failure messages include SCEP failInfo details instead of a generic error.
```

> * Wait for CERT_INSTALL delegation to be available before attempting certificate enrollment, preventing permanent failures after fresh MDM enrollment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Made certificate enrollment wait for CERT_INSTALL delegation to be available, preventing permanent failures after fresh MDM enrollment.
```
